fix: mention explicitly the async nature of Mender in the preauth flow. (#2170)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 08.Server-integration/02.Preauthorizing-devices/docs.md

We recommend that you ensure there are no records of your device in the server; open the Mender UI, then go to *Devices* to see if it is there, then *Decommission* it.

> !! Please be advised that Mender Server backend consisting of microservices is asynchronous in nature.
> !! If you run multiple pre-authorization requests together with many decommission operations,
> !! it is possible that you may run into `409 Conflict` responses. It can mean that the decommission
> !! device workflow has not finished while a preauthorization request arrived. 
> !! If for some reason you run into problems of that sort, and you have sorted them out in the deviceauth,
> !! that is: deviceauth service has the current and up to date information on your devices,
> !! you can use deviceauth command line to propagate the correct status, and device attributes.
> !! See the `deviceauth --help` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!! Please be advised that the Mender Server backend, consisting of microservices, is asynchronous by design.
!! If you run multiple pre-authorization requests together with many decommission operations,
!! you may run into `409 Conflict` responses. It can mean that the decommission
!! device workflow has not finished when a new pre-authorization request for the same auth set arrived. 
!! If, for some reason, you run into problems of that sort and there are data inconsistencies between the
!! different microservices but deviceauth has the current and up-to-date information on your devices,
!! you can use deviceauth command line to propagate the correct status and device attributes.
!! See the `deviceauth --help` for details.
```

Author: thank you. applied.
